Update `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#1311)
esp-rs/esp-hal: CONTRIBUTING.md

Welcome to the `esp-hal` Contributing Guide

> ===========================================

Reviewer: Can we please use hashes for headers, all of our other `README.md` files use this convention.

Author: Oops, sorry, bad habit, will be fixed

Welcome to the `esp-hal` Contributing Guide
===========================================

Thank you for considering contributing to our project! Your efforts help make `esp-hal` a better ecosystem for everyone.

This guide outlines the contribution workflow, from reporting issues and submitting pull requests, to the review process and eventual merger of contributions.

Quick Navigation
----------------

*   [New Contributor Guide](#new-contributor-guide)
*   [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    *   [Issues: Reporting and Resolving](#issues-reporting-and-resolving)
    *   [Making Changes: Fork, Edit, and Pull Request](#making-changes-fork-edit-and-pull-request)
*   [Your Pull Request: From Submission to Merge](#your-pull-request-from-submission-to-merge)

> *   [Community and Communication](#community-and-communication)

Author: IMO: 
1) having `Quick Navigation` part in text is a bit more reader-friendly and beautiful 😄 
2) "Outline" function is rarely used, from my experience, but of course feel 

However, if you insist and think it's a critical point - will revert it back

New Contributor Guide
---------------------

Welcome aboard! If you're new to `esp-hal` or open-source contribution, here are some resources to get you started:

*   [Understanding the Project](README.md): A high-level overview of `esp-hal`.
*   Intro to Open Source Contribution: [GitHub's Guide](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github)
*   [Setting Up Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git)
*   Workflow Insights: [GitHub Flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
*   Collaborating via [Pull Requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests)

Getting Started
---------------

### Issues: Reporting and Resolving

> #### Report a New Issue

Author: Agree, wbd

Encountered a problem or have an idea? First, [check existing issues](https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/issues) to avoid duplicates. If your concern is new, use our [issue form](https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/issues/new/) to submit it.

> #### Work on an Issue

Author: Agree, wbd

*   [Allow edits from maintainers](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) so the branch can be updated for a merge. Once you submit your PR, a Docs team member will review your proposal. We may ask questions or request additional information.
*   We may ask for changes to be made before a PR can be merged, either using [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request) or pull request comments. You can apply suggested changes directly through the UI. You can make any other changes in your fork, then commit them to your branch.
* As you update your PR and apply changes, mark each conversation as [resolved](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#resolving-conversations).
*   Resolve merge conflicts if they arise, using resources like [this git tutorial](https://github.com/skills/resolve-merge-conflicts) for help.

> [link PR to issue]: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue

Author: Yes, totally agree, separate links look much better in raw MD

Will do the fix

* **HIL Tests**: Ensure that any changes to the API or hardware interaction logic are reflected in the HIL tests located in the `hil-test` directory. This helps verify the real-world applicability of your changes.

By taking these extra steps to test your contributions, you help maintain the high quality and reliability of `esp-hal`, ensuring it remains a robust platform for everyone.

[HIL]: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/tree/main/hil-test

### Testing Your Contributions

Ensuring the quality and reliability of `esp-hal` is a shared responsibility, and testing plays a critical role in this process. Our GitHub CI automatically checks the buildability of all examples and drivers within the project. However, automated tests can't catch everything, especially when it comes to the nuanced behavior of hardware interactions. So make sure that the example affected by your change works as expected. 

Further steps that can (or should) be taken in testing: 

* Using [xtask], build examples for the specified chip. 

> * Build the documentation if it has been modified using the `run-doc-test` command in [xtask].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Build the documentation and run the doctests if they have been modified using the `build-documentation` and  `run-doc-test` commands in [xtask].
```

* Run the [HIL] tests locally if changes have been made to them. 

[xtask]: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/tree/main/xtask

### Commit Your Updates

> Commit your changes once you're satisfied. Review your own work to streamline the review process later. Use `rustfmt` and `cargo clippy` to ensure your code adheres to Rust's conventions.

Reviewer 2: We should suggest using `lint-packages` and `fmt-packages` `xtask `subcommands

Author: `fmt-packages` is already suggested (for some reason I posted a while back that it was `fmt-workspace`, so thanks for the comment, typo corrected) 

`lint-packages` suggestion was also added
